README.md, before:

# xgo &nbsp; [![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/jlourenc/xgo.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/jlourenc/xgo) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/jlourenc/xgo)](https://github.com/jlourenc/xgo/blob/main/LICENSE) [![CI](https://github.com/jlourenc/xgo/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/jlourenc/xgo/actions/workflows/ci.yaml) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/jlourenc/xgo/badge.svg?branch=main&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/jlourenc/xgo?branch=main) [![CodeQL](https://github.com/jlourenc/xgo/actions/workflows/codeql.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/jlourenc/xgo/actions/workflows/codeql.yaml) [![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/jlourenc/xgo)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/jlourenc/xgo)

<p align="center">
  <img alt="xgo logo" src="xgo.png" height="300" />
  <h3 align="center">Extension packages for Go</h3>
</p>

`xgo` is a collection of Go packages that extend the functionalities of the Go standard library. It does not have any external dependencies besides the Go standard library, currently supported from the 1.16 version.

# Installation

`xgo` is compatible with modern Go releases in module mode, with Go installed:

```zsh
go get -u github.com/jlourenc/xgo
```

# Contributing

Contributions are very welcomed, big or small!

If you have any questions, please open an issue or a draft PR.

# Versioning

`xgo` follows [semver v2.0.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) for tagging releases of the package.

* **major version** is incremented with any incompatible change to the exported Go API surface or behavior of the API.
* **minor version** is incremented with any backwards-compatible changes to functionality.
* **patch version** is incremented with any backards-compatible bug fixes.

# License

This project is licensed under the BSD 3-Clause license. See the [LICENSE](/LICENSE) file for more details.

Commit message:

chore(release): add and remove support for respectively 1.19 and 1.16/1.17

README.md, after:

# xgo &nbsp; [![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/jlourenc/xgo.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/jlourenc/xgo) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/jlourenc/xgo)](https://github.com/jlourenc/xgo/blob/main/LICENSE) [![CI](https://github.com/jlourenc/xgo/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/jlourenc/xgo/actions/workflows/ci.yaml) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/jlourenc/xgo/badge.svg?branch=main&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/jlourenc/xgo?branch=main) [![CodeQL](https://github.com/jlourenc/xgo/actions/workflows/codeql.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/jlourenc/xgo/actions/workflows/codeql.yaml) [![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/jlourenc/xgo)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/jlourenc/xgo)

<p align="center">
  <img alt="xgo logo" src="xgo.png" height="300" />
  <h3 align="center">Extension packages for Go</h3>
</p>

`xgo` is a collection of Go packages that extend the functionalities of the Go standard library. It does not have any external dependencies besides the Go standard library.

Following [Go Release Policy](https://go.dev/doc/devel/release), each major Go release is supported until there are two newer major releases.
Other major releases may still be compatible, however compatibility is not verified nor guaranteed.

# Installation

`xgo` is compatible with modern Go releases in module mode, with Go installed:

```zsh
go get -u github.com/jlourenc/xgo
```

# Contributing

Contributions are very welcomed, big or small!

If you have any questions, please open an issue or a draft PR.

# Versioning

`xgo` follows [semver v2.0.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) for tagging releases of the package.

* **major version** is incremented with any incompatible change to the exported Go API surface or behavior of the API.
* **minor version** is incremented with any backwards-compatible changes to functionality.
* **patch version** is incremented with any backards-compatible bug fixes.

# License

This project is licensed under the BSD 3-Clause license. See the [LICENSE](/LICENSE) file for more details.
